Sync & corrections by honeybunny
www.addic7ed.com
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You can put the drinks down.
These are not for you...
Put the fucking drinks down!
Whoa. Hey, hey, Jeannie.
Thank you.
Probably not a great idea
to be drinking tonight.
It's fucking over.
What? It's not over.
Oh, it's over.
No.
Hey, what we need to do--
is we need to get hammered,
and we fuck the shit out of some interns.
Okay.
Why are you so profane?
Can I get an imminent demise?
Imminent demise?
Oh, imminent demise?
Oh, I'm sorry, sir.
Can I get an imminent demise?
Imminent demise!
Imminent demise,
imminent demise...
Let it out.
...imminent demise...
Yeah. Yeah.
...imminent demise.
Well, it's true.
They're taking us
from a top-tier
global consulting firm
to an in-house consulting group.
Which is bullshit-tonian
for cutting 15/16ths
of our workforce.
That ain't good.
And no matter
how you slice it...
...it's going to look
a little something like this.
Beautiful, man.
It's beautiful, man!
It's beautiful!
Welcome to the new economy,
America.
Where only the richest, meanest,
and smartest will remain.
Including that motherfucker
who pulled a serious Judas
on my ass-- the Rainmaker.
Oh, yeah, out of all these mean,
smart fucknuts who survive,
I'm not one of them.
I don't think you really want
a recommendation from me,
no matter how glowing it is.
I got so many enemies, it'd be
like a death sentence anyway.
Right, but you would give me
a glowing reference, right?
Yeah.
Might I get a hint as...
as to what it might look like?
You got to stop.
Seriously.
What? Oh, come on.
No, one gets inquiries,
one wants to know that one's
references are rock solid, right?
From whom did one get inquiries?
Oh, my God, no.
No, no, no, no.
Congratulations.
For what?
Clyde Oberholt has
just been named
in the 25 under 30 of
management consultants. Boom!
Yeah. I know, I'm as
shocked as you are.
The 25 most connected, highest
earning young consultants
in the business.
Young consultants in the business.
You see? When you believe
in yourself.
Maybe I was too obvious a
choice. Is that possible?
Congratulations, Clyde.
Seriously.
Thank you, Jeannie.
One day for you, you know that.
Good job, junior.
Thank you...
I appreciate it.
Straight out of Harvard,
right into Galweather.
Maybe that was my problem.
You know, the wunderkind thing.
I didn't have enough
of an underdog quality.
It's got to be
something in that.
Not Jewish, you know, not from
a second-tier school.
Whoa, anti-Semite,
why don't you take a chill
for one second, okay?
Are you kidding me?
Fucking pre-schoolers...
Who cares if Clyde just pledged
Sigma Chi?
We're on a plane, it's on fire,
billowing smoke
coming out of the engines.
There's a gaping hole
in the cabin,
people being sucked out
to certain death.
So...?
Of course. S-stupid.
It's just I'm a people person.
No, no, buddy,
that's not your thing.
I'm not a people person, I get
that, but what about my numbers?
Would you fuck this
if you saw it?
Whoa.
Yeah, I know.
What, um...
Shark week.
Hi, sycophants.
Hi.
Just putting a bow on my deliverables.
But you, you are the man
I have been looking for.
Me?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, why? Thank you... Huh?
Clyde Oberholt.
Oh, no.
Doug G5ggenheim.
Oh, no, not you.
You.
That would be me.
Aha. Yeah.
25 under 30, huh?
Hey, what can I say?
That is an honor. It's very impressive.
How did we miss you
over at Kinsley?
You've actually met me, like, 50 times.
Don't kill your moment
by making a lot of sous.
Now, listen, if your pod fails,
you should give me a call.
Sure.
Is Marty in his office?
Uh-uh. Leave it open.
Oh, come on, let 'em talk.
It's not the talking I'm worried
about, Monica, it's the fucking.
No, it's not.
All you care about right now
is saving your own ass.
Okay, you got me.
Mm-hmm.
What do you got?
What's in it for me?
Maybe you could roll over
on that custody battle.
Get the fuck out of my office.
Joking. Jesus.
I mean, I was checking
a little bit.
Leads. Do you have
anything that I would want?
I may have something
you'd be interested in.
But what do you got?
I think you show me yours,
and then I show you mine.
BP is looking at a top down.
Why is it that I haven't
heard about this yet?
Because I'm about
to close on the fucker
in two seconds, all right?
Deal.
Yes.
Okay?
What?
Oh, right, yes.
Galweather Stearn has a little
bit of a problem.
It's a genuine
pandemic of sexual harassment
and misconduct.
That's it?
That's it.
I traded BP top down
for some grab-ass
at Galweather Stearn?
Monica, every shop
has sexual misconduct.
Do you think I don't know about ours?
Oh.
You know what, I'm going
to just get some boxes
and start collecting my shit.
Excuse me.
This is a real culture
of quid pro quo advancement
for sexual favors.
And your little boyfriend the
Rainmaker is the head fucker.
He will bang anything
with a snapper.
Yes. I'm well aware
of Marco's predilections.
Oh, that's okay.
You just take your time.
I don't need the machine
or anything like that.
Marty, we are talking
full-on sex addiction here.
High double digits.
Yeah?
These rumors, they have
a direct correlation between
business and sexual favors.
There's hush money, payoffs.
This could be one
sexy class action.
Ooh.
Are you getting horny?
Fuck, yeah. This harassment
talk just got me hot.
Hey, man.
Dad?
Yeah.
You fell asleep, bud.
It's okay.
I fell asleep because I was waiting for you
to help me on my Mayans report.
Oh, yeah, the Mayans.
That's right. I remember.
I didn't let Grandpa help me
because you said you would.
Yeah. I'm sorry.
It's just been real intense
at work lately, you know?
I know, but I have
intense times, too.
I know.
I'm going to help you
work on it tomorrow, okay?
That's a promise.
Come on, let's go to bed.
The Mayans believed that
the world would end in 2012.
What do you think?
The Mayans were pretty smart.
Yeah?
You better rest up for
the Apocalypse then, huh?
Every week
we waltz into companies
just like this one and tell
them how to fix their shit.
Well, this week it's us.
We're the case.
And we are nothing
special, ladies.
We are vulnerable to the
exigencies of the marketplace
just like any
other motherfuckers.
Now in the case
of Galweather Stearn
it has come to my attention
that there is a sexual
harassment element.
Sexual harassment?
Do tell, Obi Wan.
Certain senior partners have
been using their power
and considerable influence
to bang the hotter, younger
elements of the company
in exchange for
favorable advancement.
Now that's a big no-no.
Do you think K. Warren
is going to want
to pay the scrilla to untangle
some messy lawsuit?
No, sir.
Hell, no.
He's gonna back the fuck up.
So here's what we do:
we poison the well.
We bring a class action lawsuit.
We convince Metro Capital
to pull out of the deal.
Then we make this
lawsuit go away,
we sweeten the well back up,
and we get back to the business
of making big money.
That's the play.
I love that play.
How many women?
Or men. Hold on. Or men.
Men get harassed as well.
- You wish.
- Yeah, well, that's the rub.
Nobody wants to be
first to the dance floor.
I mean, who wants to be Patient
Zero in this case, right?
So what do we do?
Well...
first we have to find them,
and...
Once we find them,
we have to convince them
that stepping forward leads
to a shiny, happier life.
And they're going to get
some fuck-you money
out of the deal, too.
All right. Jeannie?
Let's do this.
Let's do it.
Okay.
Hey, Rachel...
You know what we haven't
spoken about in, like, forever?
Sexual assault.
Hey, man, I got it from here.
You can go, it's just numbers.
What? What are you...?
We'll figure it out.
Start again. Um...
when a man loves
a woman... when...
I feel like we haven't
talked in so long,
this is so embarrassing.
You look good, by the way.
You been working out?
I'll see you, though.
Rumors are flying,
and, uh, I mean,
good-looking guy like you?
You're not immune.
So if anybody's hurt you,
or abused you...
You're with a friend.
Whoops! Okay.
...and I'll be here for you.
My brother from another mother!
Come on!
Hi, Greg.
Hey. This is, uh, Malina.
Check her out.
I went to the Jeannie store,
and I got me a good one.
Jeannie store? Wow.
That's right.
Malina teaches at a place called
- Yoga Works, and...
-  Come on.
Yoga works, right?
Yes, it does.
Hi, Malina. I'm Jeannie.
Hi.
Greg. You look
super casual.
Super casual.
Well, very astute, Jeannie.
I look casual, I feel casual,
and I'm out.
I am through with the banking
rat race. Good riddance.
And guess what?
I'm going to start
a little consulting firm
of my very own.
Wow.
Wow is right, because
"those who can't do, consult."
Right, Marty?
Right, Greg.
That's right.
Well, I'm sorry about
the whole merger thing.
K. Warren's going to
rip your company apart
in about 30 seconds.
He is a wicked warlock.
He'd cut your liver out
and eat it for breakfast.
But... moving on, huh?
Yoga, kite-boarding,
very young women...right, Jeannie?
Malina.
That's Jeannie.
Malina. Jeannie.
It's too bad you
missed your shot.
You could've been
by my side tonight.
Hey, you know what? You still
could. It's not too late.
What about... you two girls?
What do you say? We could...
No.
The three of us...
Greg, that is a terrible idea.
But you gotta ask, though.
No.
I guess you gotta ask.
Hello, hello, hello?
Hello.
Galweather Stearn, AKA
Metro Capital's
Galweather Group!
The Galweather Group.
You ever hear of ovophagy?
Sharks, in utero,
eat their own brothers
and sisters.
The strong survive.
Now, I know that
there's been a lot of
speculation about what the new
normal will be at Galweather,
once we have joined forces
with the most powerful
banking institution
in the country.
Well...
it's gonna be fan...
fucking...
tastic!
Yeah!
Oh, and will there
be some reorgs?
Ohh...
Some counsel-outs?
Yeah, there will be.
But those of you who have
stayed the course,
you will be rewarded.
Because we stand by our own.
In fact, right now,
right now, our new CEO,
K. Warren McDale,
is on board his jet
to come here and personally
congratulate all of you,
on this...
...this very special night.
None of these women
wants to be the first.
We just need one.
I'm telling you, one woman
comes forward, the floodgates--
phew-- open right up.
Okay. I can't be the
only one wondering this.
By "dinner attire,"
do they mean black tie?
Because I can never tell in LA.
At Harvard, "dinner attire,"
bam, black tie, you know.
Who fucking cares, Doug?
We're all getting fired.
Okay. Sure, but...
you at least want to get
the dress code right.
What's Wes wearing?
He's working.
Okay.
So, does anyone have any
job offers on the table?
Nope.
No?
Well, Jeannie's engaged
to Richie Rich,
so she doesn't even need
a job anymore, right?
Fuck you, Clyde.
So... any? No? Oh.
That's interesting.
That's interesting. Nobody? Anybody?
Do you want to tell us
something, Doug?
No, I... God, no.
I think that would be gauche.
But you're twisting my arm,
now I feel like I have to.
I'm not.
Hey, I got an idea.
Why don't you guys get
back to fucking work?
Well, actually, you might
find this
interesting, Marty.
Not gonna find it interesting, Doug.
Well, let's find out.
Uh, you guys ready for this?
Okay, I'm going to freestyle
here for a little bit,
so... just go with me. Uh...
I've actually gotten
a pretty sweet offer
from a river-rafting company
on the middle fork
of the Salmon River.
Oh, not the middle fork!
Fork, yeah.
So for me, the timing
is kind of... perfect.
What about you, Mr. Popular?
I mean, how do I follow that?
I'll try. Um...
I have a very interesting bite
from Kinsley.
From Kinsley? Really?
Yeah.
And I'm architecting a few
financial instruments
that would make the entire
notion of work so 2012.
Fuck, damn it.
Fuck you, Clyde! Oh, ho ho ho!
You're a fucking thief!
Is this Round Two?
Good idea. All right. Round Two!
Yeah, bring it!
I'm the architect of financial
instruments. Me, not you!
Are you going to start wearing
fucking sweater vests, now?
You wouldn't see me caught dead
in a fucking sweater vest.
Why? You stole everything
else from me!
Hey. Hey.
No, because I'm not...
I'm looking at this case.
We got dick.
We got less than dick.
You want to do
this shit right now?
You're all gonna be fine.
Everybody here.
Scarecrow...
Shithead Kinsley...
You too, Blondie.
I'm the one that's
gonna be fucked.
Why don't you shut the fuck up
and see if you can
find Norma Rae?
Oh, shit.
Throwing it
back tonight, huh?
Yep.
Very drinky.
Yes. Very, very drinky.
Don't die, okay?
Marty...
Do you know why I'm good
at what I do, Jeannie?
I'm good...
because I read
people's behavior.
That's the only thing
that makes me different
than all these other jabonies.
I read behavior just a little
bit better than they do.
So you know what I mean when I
tell you I've been reading yours
for the past three days.
You think I don't know
that you sold out your team,
and your boss, and yourself?
You think I can't see
that gaping, sucking hole
in the middle of you
that you call a soul?
I got the same fucking one,
Jeannie, okay?
You're trying to fill it up by
sleeping with this
fucking prick?
Look, I'm not going to
blow you up, okay?
I'm not going to tell
you how to play it,
I'm not gonna burn
down your life,
I'm not gonna try to
fuck up your wedding.
But...
you did not do your
team any favors.
You going somewhere?
When you tell this story later,
make me sound good, okay?
I would like to make a toast...
to some of the women
at Galweather...
who, when they stand with me,
will indicate that they are part
of a class action lawsuit
against Metro Capital's
Galweather Group.
Or whatever the fuck it's called.
Most of whom have slept
with the Rainmaker;
Marco Pelios...
our fearless leader...
and, and quiet driver
of the hostile takeover.
Vroom-vroom.
I know I did...
sleep with him.
Especially when he promised
my fast rise to partner.
Didn't you all feel special,
too?
Ladies?
Oh, come on...
So, dude, mad props for all
of this boning and betraying
while still managing to do
quite a bit of business.
You are Slutticus!
There's, like, 20 complainants.
Yeah, it's a Fuckapalooza,
Kenny.
Oh, seriously, it's a
boner bonanza for the Rainmaker.
All right, yes, yes,
Greg, I hear you.
Two years of bad PR, at least.
It's a goddamn deal breaker.
Tell him to turn this
son of a bitch around!
He turned the plane around.
The merger's dead! Namaste!
It's stunning, really...
...how something as simple as
man's desire for pussy can undo
entire civilizations...
or even hostile takeovers.
Good-bye, you scary
motherfucker.
Oh, Marty!
Gotta hand it to you, man.
You fucked me good.
No!
Oh, yes!
Marco, I did not fuck you.
This is just getting even.
Oh! Your daughter,
her I fucked good.
I think it was pretty good.
She was screaming a lot.
Courtney? Rose tattoo
on her ass cheek?
Motherfucker...
There you go.
You son of a bitch mother...!
Oh, shit!
Are you...?
We need to...
What?
Um...
Are you...?
Fuck.
What?
I...
For me...
...have been feeling
very insecure.
Uh-huh.
Um, join six billion
other people.
I, uh...
I've been insecure
and... dishonest.
Oh, Christ, are we gonna have one of
these kinda talks where every...?
And I... I have
been behaving badly.
Well, that-that doesn't sound
like a, uh, a good sign.
And I'm not ready
to get married.
Or be engaged, or live with you.
Whoa-whoa-whoa! Oh. Wh...
Seriously?
But I really like being
with you.
"I like being with you"?
"I like being..."?
That's really sweet and all,
you know, your whole struggle
that you're going through.
Truthfully, for me,
I'm not that surprised by it.
I kind of always saw
you as my B plan.
Do we really think
that my parents were ever
gonna sign off on
a beauty queen runner-up
from Spokane?
My family owns
a fucking baseball team.
That's what they do for fun.
Your family...
Right.
So fuck you...
and your little
existential problems.
Don't sell yourself short.
Oh, I...
I was your A plan.
And I messed up.
Hey.
It's a crazy-ass
night, man.
You going somewhere?
Where's Roscoe?
He went to stay
with his mother.
He didn't mention anything
to me about a sleepover.
No, Marty,
he went to stay with Monica...
for the foreseeable future.
What'd he...?
Did he say something to you?
He said... you made him feel
like the Mayans were right.
Well, I don't give a shit, okay?
She can't just take him, Dad.
She can't. We haven't even had
the custody hearing yet.
No, no, Marty, she
didn't take him.
He went.
Well, he can't.
He can't.
I don't give a...
He can't fucking do that.
I'm-I'm gonna get a court order.
Marty.
What?
You gotta let him play
this one out.
You got to.
I'm gonna go, uh...
...spend some time at my condo,
give you some space, hmm?
Dad...
I don't want space.
Yeah, well...
I'm gonna give you some anyway.
I'm sorry, son.
So you blew up your
life for the job, huh?
You blow up your life every day
for the job.
That's true, I guess.
Does that mean one day
I'll be like you?
One day.
Girl, you are already like me.
Well, I'm gonna take
that as a compliment,
knowing what a high opinion
you have of yourself.
How else could you take it?
Hey-hey-hey!
Are we doing shots?
Who wants to do some shots?
Shots, shots, shots.
To the blower-uppers.
To the motherfucking
blower-uppers.
Come on.
Pour me one.
Sync & corrections by honeybunny
www.addic7ed.com
♪ I'm back where I belong,
yeah ♪
♪ I never felt so strong,
yeah, I'm back ♪
♪ I feel like there's nothing
I can't try ♪
♪ And if you with me,
put your hands high ♪
♪ "A House Is Not a Home,"
I hate this song ♪
♪ Is a house really a home
when your loved ones is gone? ♪
♪ So you been a guest
in your own home ♪
♪ It's time to make your house
your own ♪
♪ Pick up the phone, come on ♪
♪ I'm coming home,
I'm coming home ♪
♪ Tell the world that I'm coming
home ♪
♪ I'm coming home ♪
♪ Let the rain wash away
all the pain of yesterday ♪
♪ I know my kingdom awaits ♪
♪ And they've forgiven my
mistakes ♪
♪ Thank you ♪
♪ I'm coming home ♪
♪ Tell the world
that I'm coming home ♪
♪ I'm almost home, check this out, yeah.
♪
♪ Home. ♪
Meow.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org